Now, we have a lot of takes for the end of this intro sequence of me doing the snap thing where I'm
going to show the beginning, the before and after of here and here.
You can see here, we've got a lot of takes of this, OK?
Ooh, such a big difference.
And that's a good thing to do.
So that while you're filming, you do multiple takes so that in this editing process, we have different
ones to work with.
And you want to find the one that has the right energy and the right vibe, kind of like picking the
right music for your track.
The music sets, the tone, the different takes that you have.
Each take kind of has its own mini tone.
That's adding to the larger tone of the overall video.
So you can choose the proper take.
I'm not going to bore your ears with going through all of these different takes that I did.
But what I want to show you is something that you can do temporarily while you're building out your
rough edit or pulling your selects and map out what your video is going to look like before necessarily
having the shots ready to be dropped in.
So clearly by my dialogue, you can hear that I'm going to show right here this on that snap, I'm going
to show up before a shot of my studio like this.
So I just cut out the video.
I made a blank screen and made it look like this.
And clearly on that second snap, it's going to be an aftershock.
Now, temporarily, we can put in text where our video would later be dropped in that way when we're
going through our rough edit.
We know ahead of time that when we find that proper clips later in the edit boom, we can drop it in
where the text is acting as a temporary placeholder for that shot.
So I'm going to type in before shot.
OK, we can kind of scale this down.
We don't need to be so big.
And I'm going to select it in the effects panel.
And I personally like to bring down these temporary placeholder shots down to the bottom middle of the
frame.
You can put it in the center.
You can have it centered in the center of the frame.
You can have it low.
You can have it high.
I like it at the bottom.
It makes it easier for me, my brain, to kind of compute that.
But let's go ahead and put it down and then we'll have it just filling the empty space this and made
it look like this.
And for that, we can go ahead and copy this text layer by holding all clicking and dragging, and then
we'll put it for the text tool.
And I'm going to change the text to after shot.
OK.
And because we changed the amount of characters.
OK, this now I'm going to put the take that I think fits best from these different examples.
Who are the magic of film being able to time travel?
Yeah, I got a lot of work to do.
And then, boom, the music would start.
The actual video itself would start, and that would be kind of the intro hook of the rest of the YouTube
video.
So if you wanted to, you can even put me in sequence, just so you know that that's where the bulk
of the video is actually going to start.
So the real takeaway here is choosing the right takes, using the waveforms to really ninja your way
forward quicker in your edit to get rid of what you don't need rather than mindlessly scrubbing through
and just looking at the visuals.
And it's a great technique as well, to use text title cards as a temporary placeholder of what you
want to add in later in the edit.